Split FIM DB registry and file limit configuration. (#5378)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/syscheck.rst

+--------------------+------------------------------------------+

registry_limit
--------------

> Specifies a limit on the number of registry values that will be monitored by syscheck. Registry values created when the database has reached the limit will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies a limit on the number of registry values that will be monitored by FIM. Registry entries created when the database has reached the limit will be ignored.
```

Author: The limit only applies to registry values, I think that it will be confusing to use registry entries

This option only applies to Windows.

.. code-block:: xml

    <!-- Maximum number of registries to be monitored -->
    <registry_limit>
      <enabled>yes</enabled>
      <entries>100000</entries>
    </registry_limit>

**enabled**

Specifies whether there will be a limit on the number of monitored entries.

+--------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **Default value**  | yes                                   |
+--------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **Allowed values** | yes/no                                |
+--------------------+---------------------------------------+

**entries**

> Specifies the maximun number of files to be monitored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the maximum number of files to be monitored.
```
